chore: Align status notice in readme with documentation (#5021)
rolldown-rs/rolldown: README.md

</div>

> 🚧 **Beta Software**
>

> > Rolldown is currently in beta status. While it can already handle most production use cases, there may still be bugs and rough edges. Most notably, the built-in minification feature is still in early work-in-progress status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Rolldown is currently in beta status. While it can already handle most production use cases, there may still be bugs and rough edges. Most notably, the built-in minification feature is still in alpha status.
```
